<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Coyotos Projects</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Coyotos Projects</h1>
    <p>
      This page will shortly provide an index of projects that are
      underway.
    </p>
    <h1>Coyotos</h1>
    <p>
      The Coyotos effort is our main project. Sub-projects are
      underway to implement SMP support and improved driver support
      for IA-32.
    </p>
    <h1>Sherpa</h1>
    <p>
      The sherpa library does the ``heavy lifting'' for various tools
      in the Coyotos tool chain. It also seems to be seeing use as a
      BSD-licensed bignum package. Assistance in improving libsherpa
      is generally appreciated.
    </p>
    <h1>Component Building</h1>
    <p>
      We will soon add a category of ``needed components'' to our <a
      href="http://dev.eros-os.com/bugzilla">Bugzilla</a>
      database. These range in complexity from very easy to very
      hard. If you are looking for something to build, search for a
      needed component.
    </p>
    <h1>Contributing</h1>
    <p>
      If you wish to contribute to the Coyotos effort, you need to
      execute the <a href="JointAssign.html">Joint Assignment
      Agreement</a>. This allows us to enforce the open source license
      terms and to redistribute your work. Note that it is a
      <em>joint</em> assignment &mdash; you remain free to do anything
      you wish with your own work.
    </p>
    <p>
      To submit the Joint Assignment Agreement, download the HTML file
      and edit it to put in your name, your address, and so
      forth. Sign it and send it to us by paper mail, by fax, or by
      e-mailing a scanned copy to <tt>assignments</tt> (at)
      <tt>eros-os.com</tt>.
    </p>
  </body>
</html>
