<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Coyotos Contributor Agreement</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      <!--
      -->
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <center>
      <h1 class="title">Coyotos Open Source Project ("Coyotos")</h1>
      <h1 class="title">Joint Copyright Assignment and Patent
	Agreement by Contributor</h1>
      <h1 class="title">To The EROS Group, LLC ("Coordinator")</h1>
    </center>
    <p>
      Contact Information:
    </p>
    <ul>
      <table>
	<tbody>
	  <tr valign="top">
	    <td>Full Name:</td>
	    <td><b><em>Your Name</em></b></td>
	    <td>(the "Contributor")</td>
	  </tr>
	  <tr valign="top">
	    <td>e-mail:</td>
	    <td><em>your-email@some.domain</em></td>
	  </tr>
	  <tr valign="top">
	    <td>Mailing Address:</td>
	    <td><em>Street Address</em><br/>
	      <em>City, State/Province, Postal Code</em></td>
	  </tr>
	  <tr valign="top">
	    <td>Telephone:</td>
	    <td><em>telephone number</em></td>
	  </tr>
	  <tr valign="top">
	    <td>Facsimile:</td>
	    <td><em>telephone number (if any)</em></td>
	  </tr>
	  <tr valign="top">
	    <td>Country:</td>
	    <td><em>your country</em></td>
	  </tr>
	</tbody>
      </table>
    </ul>
    <ol>
      <li>
	<p>
	  Contributor owns, and has sufficient rights to contribute,
	  all source code and related material intended to be compiled
	  or integrated with the source code and/or documentation for
	  the Project (the "Contribution") which Contributor has ever
	  delivered for incorporation into the technology made
	  available under the Project.
	</p>
      </li>
      <li>
	<p>
	  Contributor hereby assigns to Coordinator joint ownership
	  in all worldwide common law and statutory rights associated
	  with the copyrights, copyright application, copyright
	  registration and moral rights in the Contribution to the
	  extent allowable under applicable local laws and copyright
	  conventions. Contributor agrees that this assignment may be
	  submitted by Coordinator to register a copyright in the
	  Contribution. Contributor retains the right to use the
	  Contribution for Contributor's own purposes. This Joint
	  Copyright Assignment supersedes and replaces all prior
	  copyright assignments made by Contributor to Coordinator
	  under the Project.
	</p>
      </li>
      <li>
	<p>
	  To the extent that there may exist patent claims licensable
	  by Contributor that would necessarily be infringed by the
	  use or redistribution of the Contribution either alone or
	  when combined with the Project ("Licensable Patents"),
	  Contributor hereby grants to Coordinator and <b>to all
	    recipients of the Project</b> ("Recipients) a non-exclusive,
	  worldwide, royalty-free license to the Licensable Patents,
	  if any, to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import, and
	  otherwise transfer or sublicense the Contribution in source
	  code, object code, or executable code form.
	</p>
	<p>
	  This patent license shall further apply to any version of
	  the Project that is redistributed by either Coordinator or
	  Recipients, whether or not such version incorporates
	  Contributions from Contributor.
	</p>
      </li>
      <li>
	<p>
	  Contributor is legally entitled to grant the above
	  assignment and license, and agrees not to provide any
	  Contribution that violates any law or breaches any contract.
	</p>
      </li>
      <li>
	<p>
	  Contributor agrees that any future transmission of a
	  Contribution to the Coordinator shall be considered a
	  Contribution under this agreement unless this agreement has
	  been superseded by Contributor's execution of a later,
	  superseding agreement. Such transmissions include, but are
	  not limited to (a) transmission by electronic mail, (b)
	  publication on an electronic mailing list maintained by
	  Coordinator for the purpose of discussions related to the
	  Project, and/or (c) addition or modification of Project
	  source code and documentation by committing such
	  modifications into the source code repository for the
	  Project using the then-current configuration management
	  tools.
	</p>
      </li>
      <li>
	<p>
	  Contributor acknowledges that the incorporation or potential
	  incorporation of the Contribution into the Project
	  inherently constitutes good and valuable consideration to
	  the Contributor.
	</p>
      </li>
      <li>
	<p>
	  The assignment and licensing provisions of this agreement
	  shall remain in force in perpetuity for every Contribution
	  made by Contributor. However, nothing in this agreement
	  shall be construed as requiring Contributor to make any
	  further Contribution in the future.
	</p>
      </li>
      <li>
	<p>
	  The items specified below shall be deemed a Contribution
	  under this agreement:
	</p>
	<ol type="A">
	  <li>
	    <p>
	      The evaluation source code for the PATT data structure
	      developed by Eric Northup while a student at Johns
	      Hopkins University, including the associated
	      documentation.
	    </p>
	  </li>
	</ol>
      </li>
    </ol>
    <table>
      <tbody>
	<tr valign="top">
	  <td>Signed:</td>
	  <td>____________________________________</td>
	</tr>
	<tr valign="top">
	  <td>&nbsp;<br/>Date:</td>
	  <td>&nbsp;<br/>__________________</td>
	</tr>
	<tr valign="top">
	  <td>&nbsp;<br/>Printed Name:</td>
	  <td>&nbsp;<br/>____________________________________</td>
	</tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
    <p>
      Please send a signed copy of this assignment to The EROS
      Group at:
    </p>
    <ul>
      The EROS Group<br />
	66 Painters Mill Rd, Suite 2<br />
	  Owings Mills, MD, 21117<br />
    </ul>
    <p>
      If you prefer, you can scan your signed copy and e-mail it as a
      PDF file to <tt>assignments</tt> (at) <tt>eros-os.com</tt>.
    </p>
  </body>
</html>
